Humans have a history of conquest because we fight for the same exact resources. But even in human history, the first explorers were traitors They were going out there to find spices, gold, silk, new plants to domesticate new animals, etc. They weren ' t going out there necessarily to conquer land. Eventually they did. Because the Finite resource dilemma When you ' re stuck on Earth. But the moment you had technology to get off of Earth, finite resources go away. And if you want a resource, then you go find a neutron star. You go find a star system. You don ' t go after a little planet. There ' s infinite Kepler planets out there that are going to be much closer to them. It ' s ideas and trade that people want. And if you look at modern society, even though I know this is not the common belief, will becomeless warlike as we become more civilized. And the reason is because you don ' t conquer Russia any more for it ' s natural resources. You don ' t ruin the tanks because you ' re trying to grab all the natural resources. The wealthiest places in the world now are the ones that have the best ideas. Silicon Valley was on top for a while as a wealth creation engine because it had the best ideas. The new oil is ideas. It ' s all digital. All the new fortunes are being created and ideas space. In fact, if you ' re starting out today as a young, ambitious person, you don ' t learn real estate, You ' re unlearn coal and oil mining. You don ' t go into extraction of physical resources to create wealth, You go into ideas space, You go into programming, books, movies, blogs and podcasts and building robots, which are mostly intellectual property underneatheighth So even as a human civilization, we ' re moving away from conquest of physical resources and moving much more into trading of ideas. The downside scenario for the human species is that too much of our larger countries and nation states believe that they ' ve achieved maximal ideas. Now it ' s time to save resources. They end up destroying the means of improvement, error correction and creativity, and they end up stagnating Then you have the idea generation coming out of a much smaller set of city states, which then have to defend themselves against the larger mass of more predatory ossified states. Every time people talk about China being so impressive, look at their rocket launch. Look at the GDP, or look at the city that they built. Call me when theyinvent something new. Call me when they come up with some incredible idea that we haven ' t had. And they built some technology that we haven ' t had. Because so far it ' s all imitative It ' s all them taking advantage of technology if they ' ve picked up from us, that they are now catching up on their just applying scale to it because they have more people. But call me when the GDP per citizen crosses ours. Call me when they come up with pharmaceuticals or vaccines or spacecraft or energy generators or fusion reactors that we do not know how to Bill. Call me when the authoritarian society figures out top down how to build something brand new, when it ' s more creative, when their art is better, when their science is better, when the technologies better. Call me when that happens over a democratic, free capitalistsociety Because I ' ve never seen the case of thatever humans have a history of conquest because we fight for the same exact resources. But even in human history, the first explorers were traitors They were going out there to find spices, gold, silk, new plants to domesticate new animals, etc. They weren ' t going out there necessarily to conquer land. Eventually they did. Because the finite resource dilemma when you ' re stuck on Earth. But the moment you had technology to get off of Earth, finite resources go away. And if you want a resource, then you go find a neutron star. You go find a star system. You don ' t go after a little planet. There ' s infinite Kepler planets out there that are going to be much closer to them. It ' s ideas and trade that people want. And if you look at modern society, even though I know this is not the common belief, will becomeing less warlike as we become more civilized. And the reasons because you don ' t conquer Russia any more for it ' s natural resources. You don ' t ruin the tanks because you ' re trying to grab all the natural resources. The wealthiest places in the world now are the ones that have the best ideas. Silicon Valley was on top for a while as a wealth creation engine because it had the best ideas. The new oil is ideas. It ' s all digital. All the new fortunes have been created in idea space. In fact, if you ' re starting out today as a young, ambitious person, you don ' t learn real estate, your unlearn coal and oil mining. You don ' t go into extraction of physical resources to create wealth. You go into ideas space. You go into programming, books, movies, blogs and podcasts and building robots, which are mostly intellectual property underneatheighth So even as a human civilization, we ' re moving away from conquest of physical resources and moving much more into trading of ideas. The downside scenario for the human species is that too much of our larger countries and nation states believe that they ' ve achieved maximal ideas. Now it ' s time to save resources. They end up destroying the means of improvement, error correction and creativity, and they end up stagnating Then you have the idea generation coming out of a much smaller set of city states, which then have to defend themselves against the larger mass of more predatory ossified states. Every time people talk about China being so impressive, look at their rocket launch, look at the GDP, or look at the city that they built. Call me when theyinvent something new. Call me when they come up with some incredible idea that we haven ' t had. And they build some technology that we haven ' t had. Because so far it ' s all imitative It ' s all them taking advantage of technology they ' ve picked up from us, that there are now catching up on their just applying scale to it because they have more people. But call me when the GDP per citizen crosses ours. Call me when they come up with pharmaceuticals or vaccines or spacecraft or energy generators or fusion reactors that we do not know how to Bill. Call me when the authoritarian society figures out top down how to build something brand new, when it ' s more creative, when their art is better, when their science is better, when the technologies better. Call me when that happens over a democratic, free capitalistsociety Because I ' ve never seen the case of thatever humans have a history of conquest because we fight for the same exact resources. But even in human history, the first explorers were traitors They were going out there to find spices, gold, silk, new plants to domesticate new animals, etc. They weren ' t going out there necessarily to conquer land. Eventually they did. Because the finite resource dilemma when you ' re stuck on Earth. But the moment you had technology to get off of Earth, finite resources go away. And if you want a resource, then you go find a neutron star. You go find a star system. You don ' t go after a little planet. There ' s infinite Kepler planets out there that are going to be much closer to them. It ' s ideas and trade that people want. And if you look at modern society even though I know this is not the common belief, will becomeing less warlike as we become more civilized. And the reasons because you don ' t conquer Russia any more for it ' s natural resources. You don ' t ruin the tanks because you ' re trying to grab all the natural resources. The wealthiest places in the world now are the ones that have the best ideas. Silicon Valley was on top for a while as a wealth creation engine because it had the best ideas. The new oil is ideas. It ' s all digital. All the new fortunes are being created. And idea space. In fact, if you ' re starting out today as a young, ambitious person. You don ' t learn real estate, You ' re unlearn coal and oil mining. You don ' t go into extraction of physical resources to create wealth. You go into ideas space. You go into programming, books, movies, blogs and podcasts and building robots, which are mostly intellectual property underneatheighth So even as a human civilization, we ' re moving away from conquest of physical resources and moving much more into trading of ideas. The downside scenario for the human species is that too much of our larger countries and nation states believe that they ' ve achieved maximal ideas. Now it ' s time to save resources. They end up destroying the means of improvement, error correction and creativity, and they end up stagnating Then you have the idea generation coming out of a much smaller set of city states which then have to defend themselves against this larger, massive, more predatory, ossified states. Every time people talk about China being so impressive, look at their rocket launch, look at the GDP, or look at the city that they built. Call me when theyinvent something new. Call me when they come up with some incredible idea that we haven ' t had. And they built some technology that we haven ' t had. Because so far it ' s all imitative It ' s all them taking advantage of technology. If they ' ve picked up from us that they ' re are now catching up on their just applying scale to it because it ' d have more people. But call me when the GDP per citizen crosses ours. Call me when they come up with pharmaceuticals or vaccines or spacecraft or energy generators or fusion reactors that we do not know how to build. Call me when the authoritarian society figures out top down how to build something brand new, when it ' s more creative, when their art is better, when their science is better, when the technology is better. Call me when that happens over a democratic free capitalisesociety Because I ' ve never seen the case of thathowever humans have a history of conquest because we fight for the same exact resources. But even in human history, the first explorers were traitors They were going out there to find spices, gold, silk, new plants to domesticate new animals, etc. They weren ' t going out there necessarily to conquer land. Eventually they did. Because the finite resource dilemma when you ' re stuck on Earth. But the moment you had technology to get off of Earth, finite resources go away. And if you want a resource, then you go find a neutron star. You go find a star system. You don ' t go after a little planet. There ' s infinite Kepler planets out there that are going to be much closer to them. It ' s ideas and trade that people want. And if you look at modern society, even though I know this is not the common belief, we ' re becoming lawless warlike as we become more civilized. And the reasons because you don ' t conquer Russia any more for it ' s natural resources. You don ' t ruin the tanks because you ' re trying to grab all the natural resources. The wealthiest places in the world now are the ones that have the best ideas. Silicon Valley was on top for a while as a wealth creation engine because it had the best ideas. The new oil is ideas. It ' s all digital. All the new fortunes have been created in idea space. In fact, if you ' re starting out today as a young, ambitious person, you don ' t learn real estate, your unlearn coal and oil mining. You don ' t go into extraction of physical resources to create wealth. You go into ideas space. You go into programming, books, movies, blogs and podcasts and building robots, which are mostly intellectual property. Underneathso Even as a human civilization, we ' re moving away from conquest of physical resources and moving much more into trading of ideas. The downside scenario for the human species is that too much of our larger countries and nation states believe that they ' ve achieved maximal ideas. Now it ' s time to save resources, They end up destroying the means of improvement, error correction and creativity and they end up stagnating Then you have the idea generation coming out of a much smaller set of city states which then have to defend themselves against the larger mass of more predatory ossified states. Every time people talk about China being so impressive, look at their rocket launch, look at the GDP, or look at the city that they built. Call me when theyinvent something new. Call me when they come up with some incredible idea that we haven ' t had. And they built some technology that we haven ' t had. Because so far it ' s all imitative It ' s all them taking advantage of technology. If they ' ve picked up from us that they ' re are now catching up on their just applying scale to it because they have more people. But call me when the GDP per citizen crosses ours. Call me when they come up with pharmaceuticals or vaccines or spacecraft or energy generators or fusion reactors that we do not know how to Bill. Call me when the authoritarian society figures out top down how to build something brand new. When it ' s more creative, when their art is better, when their science is better, when the technology technologies better. Call me when that happens over a democratic, free capitalistsociety Because I ' ve never seen the case of thatever humans have a history of conquest because we fight for the same exact resources. But even in human history, the first explorers were traitors They were going out there to find spices, gold, silk, new plants to domesticate new animals, etc. They weren ' t going out there necessarily to conquer land. Eventually they did. Because the finite resource dilemma when you ' re stuck on Earth. But the moment you had technology to get off of Earth, finite resources go away. And if you want a resource, then you go find a neutron star. You go find a star system. You don ' t go after a little planet. There ' s infinite Kepler planets out there that are going to be much closer to them. It ' s ideas and trade that people want. And if you look at modern society even though I know this is not the common belief will becomeing less warlike as we become more civilized. And the reasons because you don ' t conquer Russia any more for it ' s natural resources. You don ' t ruin the tanks because you ' re trying to grab all the natural resources. The wealthiest places in the world now are the ones that have the best ideas. Silicon Valley was on top for a while as a wealth creation engine because it had the best ideas. The new oil is ideas. It ' s all digital. All the new fortunes have been created in idea space. In fact, if you ' re starting out today as a young, ambitious person, you don ' t learn real estate, your unlearn coal and oil mining. You don ' t go into extraction of physical resources to create wealth. You go into ideas space. You go into programming, books, movies, blogs and podcasts and building robots, which are mostly intellectual property underneatheighth So even as a human civilization, we ' re moving away from conquest of physical resources and moving much more into trading of ideas. The downside scenario for the human species is that too much of our larger countries and nation states believe that they ' ve achieved maximal ideas. Now it ' s time to save resources. They end up destroying the means of improvement, error correction, and creativity, and they end up stagnating Then you have the idea generation coming out of a much smaller set of city states, which then have to defend themselves against the larger mass of more predatory ossified states. Every time people talk about China being so impressive, look at their rocket launch, look at the GDP, or look at the city that they built. Call me when theyinvent something new. Call me when they come up with some incredible idea that we haven ' t had. And they build some technology that we haven ' t had. Because so far it ' s all imitative It ' s all them taking advantage of technology they ' ve picked up from us that there are now catching up on their just applying scale to it because they have more people. But call me when the GDP per citizen crosses ours. Call me when they come up with pharmaceuticals or vaccines or spacecraft or energy generators or fusion reactors that we do not know how to bill. Call me when the authoritarian society figures out top down how to build something brand new, when it ' s more creative, when their art is better, when their science is better, when the technologies better. Call me when that happens over a democratic free capitalistsociety because I ' ve never seen the case of that.